feat(CORE-944): RefArch configuration (#802)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/refarch/configuration/index.md

# Understand the process 

> The Gruntwork Reference Architecture  allows you to configure key aspects to your needs. Before you receive your deployed Reference Architecture, you will: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gruntwork Reference Architecture allows you to configure key aspects to your needs. Before you receive your deployed Reference Architecture, you will: 
```

1. **Configure** your choice of your primary AWS region, database and compute flavors, domain names and more via a pull request
2. **Iterate** on the configuration in your pull request in response to Gruntwork preflight checks that spot blocking issues and ensure your deployment is ready to commence

> 3. **Merge** your pull request, once your configuration passes all checks, which will automatically commence your Reference Architecture deployment 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Merge** your pull request after all check pass. Merging will automatically commence your Reference Architecture deployment 
```

4. **Wait** until Gruntwork has successfully completed your deployment. You'll receive an automated email indicating your deployment is complete

> ## Where and how to configure your Reference Architecture for deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure your Reference Architecture for deployment
```

> GitHub, and your `infrastructure-live` repository, are the source of truth for your configuration decisions. Within your `infrastructure-live` repository, the `reference-architecture-form.yml` file is where all of your specific selections, domain names, AWS account IDs, etc are defined.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Reference Architecture configuration lives in your `infrastructure-live` repository on GitHub. Within your `infrastructure-live` repository, the `reference-architecture-form.yml` file is where all of your specific selections, domain names, AWS account IDs, etc are defined.  
```

Reviewer: Done, thanks @ellisonc

Gruntwork deployment tooling reads your `reference-architecture-form.yml` in order to first perform preflight checks to 
ensure your accounts and selections are valid and ready for deployment. 

Once your preflight checks pass, and your pull request has been merged, Gruntwork tooling uses your `reference-architecture-form.yml` to deploy your Reference Architecture into your AWS accounts. 

Gruntwork provides bootstrap scripts, automated tooling, documentation and support to help you complete your setup steps and commence your Reference Architecture deployment. 

> ## Configuring your Reference Architecture requires Actions and Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required Actions and Data
```

Some of the initial configuration steps will require you to *perform actions* against your AWS account(s), such as creating an IAM role that Gruntwork uses to access your accounts. Meanwhile, your `reference-architecture-form.yml` requires *data*, such as your AWS account IDs, domain name, etc. 

### Actions 

Wherever possible, Gruntwork attempts to automate setup **actions** for you. 

For example, within your `infrastructure-live` repository is a bootstrap script that will make a best effort attempt to programmatically complete your setup actions (such as provisioning new AWS accounts on your behalf, registering domain names if you wish, etc) and write their resulting *data* to your `reference-architecture-form.yml` file.

### Data 
`Data` refers to values, such as an AWS account ID, your desired domain name, etc, which may be the output of an **action**. 

> You complete **setup *actions* against your AWS account(s)** and you **enter the *data* values** such as account IDs, domain names, desired compute stack, etc into your `infrastructure-live/reference-architecture-form.yml` file.

Reviewer: Should we say that gruntwork tooling (e.g., the cli) will automatically fill out the ref arch form, since we'd prefer folks not fill this out themselves

# Getting Started

The Gruntwork Reference Architecture allows you to configure key aspects to your needs. Before you receive your deployed Reference Architecture, you will:
1. **Configure** your choice of your primary AWS region, database and compute flavors, domain names and more via a pull request
2. **Iterate** on the configuration in your pull request in response to Gruntwork preflight checks that spot blocking issues and ensure your deployment is ready to commence
3. **Merge** your pull request after all check pass. Merging will automatically commence your Reference Architecture deployment
4. **Wait** until Gruntwork has successfully completed your deployment. You'll receive an automated email indicating your deployment is complete

## Configure your Reference Architecture for deployment

> Your Reference Architecture configuration lives in your `infrastructure-live` repository on GitHub. Within your `infrastructure-live` repository, the `reference-architecture-form.yml` file defines all of your specific selections, domain names, AWS account IDs, etc.

Reviewer 2: Do you think it's worth clarifying that this is referring to a repo we've created for them in the gruntwork-clients organization? Something like `...configuration lives in the infrastructure-live repository we created for you in the gruntwork-clients Github organization...` Maybe with a call to action for if they don't have access linking to the portal

Reviewer: Added in the requirements section

Gruntwork deployment tooling reads your `reference-architecture-form.yml` in order to first perform preflight checks to
ensure your accounts and selections are valid and ready for deployment.

Once your preflight checks pass, and your pull request has been merged, Gruntwork tooling uses your `reference-architecture-form.yml` to deploy your Reference Architecture into your AWS accounts.

Gruntwork provides bootstrap scripts, automated tooling, documentation and support to help you complete your setup steps and commence your Reference Architecture deployment.

## Required Actions and Data

> Some of the initial configuration steps will require you to *perform actions* against your AWS account(s), such as creating an IAM role that Gruntwork uses to access your accounts. Meanwhile, your `reference-architecture-form.yml` requires *data*, such as your AWS account IDs, domain name, etc.

Reviewer 2: This will always be multiple accounts, I think we can drop the `()`

### Actions

Wherever possible, Gruntwork attempts to automate setup **actions** for you.

There is a bootstrap in your `infrastructure-live` repository that will attempt to programmatically complete your setup actions (such as provisioning new AWS accounts on your behalf, registering domain names if you wish, etc) using the Gruntwork CLI wizard and write the resulting *data* to your `reference-architecture-form.yml` file.

### Data
`Data` refers to values, such as an AWS account ID, your desired domain name, etc, which may be the output of an action.

The gruntwork CLI includes a [wizard](./run-the-wizard.md) that automates all of the steps to get the required data from you. This is the recommended path for the majority of users.

> If you are required to manually provision AWS accounts, domain names, or otherwise, the Gruntwork CLI has utilities to [manually bootstrap](https://github.com/gruntwork-io/gruntwork#bootstrap-manually) the required resources. This approach is only recommended for advanced users. After all data has been generated manually, you will need to fill out the `reference-architecture-form.yml` manually.

Reviewer 2: How would you feel about adding `after consulting with Gruntwork Support` or similar to `This approach is only recommended for advanced users`? We *really* want to discourage this

Reviewer: Sounds good to me!
